---
title: "It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than learn facts"
---
- I agree that understanding ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts for students.
- Firstly, ideas and concepts are the basic blocks in building a kownledge base. Students bare the responsibility to master a lot of knowledge. But to achieve that, we have to have a clear mind that ideas and concepts are like the skeleton, while the facts are like flesh and meat of it. It'll be much easier for students to have a clear structure of a subject beforehand to navigate which part of the section he or she is in. For example, in biology, when we learn our body, it would be easier for us to understand that it contains 9 systems including circulating systems, motion systems, respiratory systems, etc., then to memorize that what parts are contained in those systems. After understanding these concepts, categorizing and remembering those facts of the name of those body parts would require a much less tedious work.
- Secondly, understanding ideas and concepts would help students to not only have a better understanding on the subject he or she is learning right now, but also help students in their future learning because many subjects share some similar principles in both learning progress and knowledge structure. For instance, when you try to learn programming, you have many choices when learning a computer language, like C++, Python, Swift, etc.. But no matter which one you chose, you can learn it much quickly than a completely freshman if you have some basic ideas and concepts of programming. That is because that those computer languages share some similar concepts like Class, Object, Function, etc.. The major difference among them are the grammar but not the inner logic. So a sophisticated programmer are likely to turn to another computer language rather quickly, because they have shared principle and logic, which could be obtained by understanding ideas and concepts, rather than only learning facts.
- Therefore, based on the former reasons, I reckon that understanding ideas and concepts are important than learning facts.